Update doc links (#4025)
supabase/supabase: web/docs/guides/auth/auth-email.mdx

### Add login code to your client app

The JavaScript client code is documented here: [Supabase OAuth Client Code](/docs/reference/javascript/auth-signin#sign-in-with-email)

> The Dart client code is documented here: [Supabase OAuth Client Code](/docs/reference/dart/auth-signin#sign-in-with-email)

Reviewer: Should we make this more consice? perhaps

```suggestion
Add logins using our client libraries: 

- [Javascript](/docs/reference/javascript/auth-signin#sign-in-with-email)
- [Dart](/docs/reference/dart/auth-signin#sign-in-with-email)
```
